= ViSH

Virtual Science Hub, a network for exploring science.

ViSH is a social network for scientists, teachers and pupils. It contains the infrastructure to build, share and participate in virtual excursions and help pupils discover science in areas of high relevance for the future, such as nano- and biotechnologies.  

Excursions can be easily created by participants and are built using arbitrary HTML5 content and possibly include a video-conference room.  Sharing allows users to rate resources and re-use content for a better excursion-creation experience. The video-conference technology let us participate live in the most thrilling scientific experiments.  Excursions include simple questions to ascertain students have understood the content.

{VISH}[http://github.com/ging/vish] is based on
{Social Stream}[http://github.com/ging/social_stream] which provides a robust and flexible core with social networking features and activity streams for building websites.

= Discussion

Feel free to raise an issue or send us a message at github[https://github.com/ging/vish].


= Copyright

Copyright 2011-2014 Universidad Politécnica de Madrid and Agora Systems S.A.

ViSH is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

ViSH is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with ViSH. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

